Baby good baby
How did they get so big?
Oops, it's thanks to Mr. Jiang
Have you comprehended the mystery of this ancient pagoda?
Yes, yes, this treasure has spirit
Let you sublimate
I'm waiting to thank you parents
Thank you, Mr. Jiang, for opening my eyes
Stab him and disrupt the party
heinous crime
Ah listen to me explain
Is it a robbery?
You are a little cold
This shameful thing
The man threw him out to me, Liu family head
Family Leader Liu, forgive me!
Patriarch Liu
Distinguished guests
You, Mr. Ye, offer this treasure
Make my auction shine
So I, Liu Guofu, bought the Tower of Death 2 billion far away
2 billion oops
It's almost 21
Let alone go public
My royal family can also rise overnight
Become a powerhouse in the entire cloud
Yeyan
You're about to sell me we need this money
Mr. Ye thinks it's too little
What did the Liu family head say?
10 billion is enough
I just hope Liu Jiazhu
Can you respect Miss Liu's wishes?
Hahaha thank you Mr. Ye
But eleven capital turnover takes time
You can rest assured that it will be credited to your card in 7 days.
Grandpa, are you crazy?
My Wang family needs this money more
You know better than anyone
Jiang Shao is the husband appointed by the Liu family
You want to be with him?
Impossible this is not old
Miss Wang, you are the best.
Tomorrow I will ask Yaoyao to go home to take her luggage.
As for your Wang family
It has nothing to do with me
Mahjong, what dish?
The business here is really cost-effective.
I have prepared some stockings with letters for you.
You must take it back then
Lettered
Oops, drugged, don't bother me, haha, go away
Immediately send someone to deliver Cibao to Doctor Night's mansion
With Cibao as a stepping stone
I believe your grandfather will live a long life
Yishun Baishun